{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27320\viewh11940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab800\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 Explanation of files
\f2\b0 \
March 2015\
Journal of Conflict Resolution\
The Beheading of Criminal Organizations and the Dynamics of Violence in Mexico.\
  Calder\'f3n: Banco de M\'e9xico, Stanford University (email: gabriela.calderon@banxico.org.mx); \
  Robles: Stanford University (email: grobles@stanford.edu); \
  D\'edaz-Cayeros: Stanford University (email: albertod@stanford.edu); \
  Magaloni: Stanford University (email: magaloni@stanford.edu).\
\
\

\f1\b Replication.data.beheadings.march.15.dta
\f2\b0 \
Stata file.\
This is the replication dataset. It consists on monthly panel observations for 2441 municipalities in Mexico from January 1998 to December 2010. Mexico City is considered as a single municipality.\
It contains all the variables used in the econometric specifications presented in the paper. This includes homicides of males between 15 and 39 years old and homicides among the rest of the population; indicator variables for captures and killings of leaders and lieutenants; population; indicator variables for central or strategic municipalities in the transportation network; and indicator variables interacting captures with post-capture time periods (1-6 months, 7-12 months, >12 months).\
\

\f1\b Codebook
\f2\b0 \
Excel file.\
Description, availability, and sources of the variables in the replication dataset. \
\

\f1\b Replication code synthetic weights.R
\f2\b0 \
R file.\
The script uses the replication data and estimates optimal synthetic weights.\
For each \'93treated\'94 municipality, the code finds the optimal weights such that the synthetic control municipality has pre-treatment trends in homicides that are maximally similar to those of the treated municipality.\
The output of this script is a Stata database containing vectors of numeric identifiers (idunico) and optimal weights.\
\

\f1\b Replication Do File.do
\f2\b0 \
Stata file.\
The do file uses the replication data and reproduces all the tables, graphs, and results presented in the paper.\
\
\

\f1\b To replicate the results presented in the paper:
\f2\b0 \
\
1. Use the replication code in R to estimate optimal synthetic weights for each treated municipality. \
\
Eight different sets of synthetic weights have to be estimated according to\
	1. Type of treatment: captures of leaders vs. captures of lieutenants.\
	2. Geographic location: treated municipalities (direct) vs. neighboring municipalities (neigh).\
	3. Variable of interest : homicides of males between 15 and 39 yo (dto) vs. homicides among the rest of the population (rest)\
\
Given computational and time constraints, we estimated each vector of weights separately. \
The code indicates the lines that have to be changed to specify the new parameters in each iteration.\
\
2. Merge the resulting vector of weights with the replication dataset.\
The replication dataset already contains the eight vectors of optimal weights.\
\
3. Run the replication do file in Stata. The code contains the commands for each model.\
\
The corresponding authors for questions or comments are:\
  Gustavo Robles: Stanford University (email: grobles@stanford.edu)\
  Gabriela Calder\'f3n: Banco de M\'e9xico, Stanford University (email: gabriela.calderon@banxico.org.mx)\
\
\
\
}